perl: Add PCRE one liner example (#3129)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/perl.md

- Run a multi-line find/replace expression on a file, and save the result in another file:

`perl -p0e 's/{{foo\nbar}}/{{foobar}}/g' {{input_file}} > {{output_file}}`

> - Run a PCRE on a piped input, print out first capture group:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Run a regular expression on stdin, printing out first capture group for each line:
```

Reviewer 2: @sbrl, as per the conversation in #3114, should this remain as stdin?

Reviewer: @pxgamer Good shout. I'd say so personally, but I'm not sure what the general consensus is.

Reviewer 3: I'd personally say that "standard input" sounds better here. Otherwise, if using "stdin", since #3114 is already merged I'd say let's enclose it in backticks. We can always change it later if we want, but let's keep it consistent.

Reviewer 4: We could simply say "input from another command". "Standard input" is about as opaque as "stdin" for those who don't know about the concept.

Reviewer: Hrm. That's true @waldyrious, but I'd also be wary of using non-standard terminology. It's probably a good thing to get users used to words and phrases like `stdin` and `standard input`, since they are used elsewhere.

In this case though, I think it does sound better to use `input from another command`.

> `echo "$INPUT" | perl -nle 'if (/.*({{foo}}).*/) {print "$1"; last;}'`

Reviewer 4: Can we use something more basic than `echo "$INPUT"`? E.g. `cat {{somefile.txt}}` or something else along those lines.

Also, it's not immediately clear to me what specific feature this example intends to demonstrate. Is it the `$1`? Or maybe the `{...}` construct? The `/.* ... .*/` pattern? The `-n` option, or the `-l` one?

We should be careful not to overload a single example with multiple new concepts. Examples should work as building blocks that users can compose, not necessarily ready-to-use "incantations" that serve a particular purpose but fail to teach the user about the mechanics of the command.
